just for context I'm actually filming
this video just a couple hours after
TSM's loss in the group stage at Worlds
2017 I'm in Wuhan China and if you like
me are feeling very surprised and
confused you are not alone it is a very
very confusing thing a lot of people who
follow me know kind of the satire that I
like to play off the na fan who believes
that the Impossibles is something that
could happen I like TSM could liberal
serve na is gonna dominate or anything
like that a lot of people get confused
when I do that and think that that's
actually how I feel but I understand the
realities of North America's plight we
have not been successful on the
international stage and that this is
something that occurred is not just
illegal in chess but another eSports as
well and it is been something that has
been you know frustrating over the years
to watch but in the past it did feel
like there was always some sort of out
right like either our players are just
not that good this year or we weren't
able to create like the super team that
we needed or we just couldn't get the
right light up or some weird thing
happens right like every one of these
dreams artisans of being crushed but
there's some sort of excuse and that's
why last year was really hard for me
because it felt like there were just not
that many great ways to explain North
America's loss
certainly Corp c9 made it to
quarterfinals but especially with TSM
who was the first seed last year and
everybody really believed it it's very
hard to justify how they just dropped
out of groups and the team did not look
very good I guess the only thing you
could say is afterwards I talked to
doublelift and he said that he felt very
distracted towards the end of her you
know whenever we rolled around and it
did feel like okay this is this year's
first one this is this year's first
world so the first worlds for this
lineup this is the first time they've
been here and that's why this year at
Worlds I had a lot of faith in TSM in
fact not just me but a lot of the
analysts I talked to you know obviously
know that TSM is busted out a lot of
people like to say oh you know of course
we do na would fail immortals failed TSM
failed good chance C 9 makes it out to
prove
good chance they also lose pretty
quickly in quarterfinals and everybody
likes to say that stuff now well I'll
tell you that when I got to China I had
analyst praying to convince me that GSM
I had a great chance of semi finals and
that there was a great chance that all
the NA teams were gonna make it out of
groups this year and that this would be
in a seer and of course the first week
went the way the artists does and then
the second week went the way it always
does again we'll see how tomorrow this
is cloud 9 but it's hard too bad too
much on the third seat from an a and
really making it deep into the
tournament beyond quarterfinals so here
we are now and I just find myself at a
loss because I do feel as though na has
done so much trying to improve we looked
more competitive the infrastructure
we've been putting into place as the
great rift rivals showed that we could
beat our European counterparts CSF
looked weak at MSI but of course they
were placed there any carry double of
came back and they look strong and
everything was going tsm's way and that
is why it is so confusing so hard for me
to understand why the team just seemed
to fall apart again during the second
week I don't you know I usually try to
have an answer or some sort of
explanation at the other vlogs or videos
I don't like to do these pointless
videos here I have no answer for anybody
I really am just doing this to tell you
that if you are confused and don't
understand what happened you're not
alone I think there are a lot of people
that are confused as to why na keeps
falling apart and I don't know how it's
going to change and I don't know what's
going to happen like for Riot even do
you just continue to try to build the
hype around worlds and trying to
convince everybody that North America is
got another chances here or if you are
right and you're looking at the NA LCS
you just start trying to put all the
emphasis on the spring split and summer
split finals because that's really the
only chance it has for the foreseeable
future I don't know the only thing I do
know and one thing I wanted to express
at the end of this video is that you
know I don't have much insight into
mortals
a little bit more but still not as much
in the c9 but with TSM I do have some
insight through double f2 being
relatively close to team this year and I
will tell you these guys pretty much did
everything they could they I heard no
rumors of them hanging out with
girlfriends and we seem to sacrifice a
lot you're sidin double if tag in for
another year sacrifice streaming in cash
for the chance to win these guys pretty
much did everything they could to try to
win and that's one of the reasons why I
feel so bad right now it's easy to get
frustrated and excused na teams when
they just like around and do
whatever but when I am aware that the
first seed did pretty much everything
they could to succeed had pretty much no
excuses and put it all on the line it
just feels very good wrenching so I
don't know what the future is it is
certainly a trying time again if you are
feeling bummed out and confused you're
not alone hopefully next year bring
something I don't know maybe franchising
or whatever but it doesn't feel good for
na right now and I don't know what's
gonna change that thanks for watching
the video hopefully Claude and I can
change everything and surprised every
whether you're making it deep in the
world so I don't know but I'll be here
at least through semi finals